Update Lighthouse Best Practices audits (#1485)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/lighthouse-best-practices/appcache-manifest/index.md

{% include 'content/lighthouse-best-practices/scoring.njk' %}

## Use the Cache API instead of the Application Cache

To pass this audit,
remove the manifest from your page,
and use the
[Cache API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Cache)
via a [service worker](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/primers/service-workers/)
instead.

To migrate from the Application Cache to service workers,
consider using the
[sw-appcache-behavior library](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/sw-appcache-behavior).
This library generates a service-worker-based implementation of the behavior
defined in an Application Cache manifest.

> See the [Current page responds with a 200 when offline](/works-offline) post

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Current page does not respond with a 200 when offline](/works-offline) post
```

As discussed in #1384 the doc title should match the audit's `failureTitle`

Author: Good catch. I've submitted a feature request to slugify internal links so we don't have to manually update link text to avoid oversights like this: #1495
